# Commodity-Linked-Note
Structured products create to meet specific needs that cannot be met from the standardized financial instruments available in the markets. Structured products can be used as an alternative to a direct investment, as part of the asset allocation process to reduce risk exposure of a portfolio, or to utilize the current market trend. In this project, we are going to develop and analyze principal protected Commodity Linked Notes. In principal protected note if you hold the notes until maturity, you will receive, at a minimum, your principal amount.  In addition, you also may receive a Supplemental Redemption Amount.  However, if you sell the notes prior to maturity, you may find that the market value of the notes is less than the principal amount of the notes.
In this paper, we describe the methodology of our pricing models and risk analysis, and discuss the numerical results of our commodity linked model where our commodities are copper, aluminum and zinc. 
       In risk analysis, we are using Monte-Carlo simulation and results from our risk-neutral Monte-Carlo pricing model to calculate the expected return and standard deviation that comprise the Sharpe ratio and returns on which we base our recommendations. We are using the control variate technique to improve the convergence speed of Monte-Carlo simulation We also include recommendation for a client who wants to buy the note for diversification purposes.
Lastly, we proposed a business opportunity that combines USD-linked principle protected note and a market opportunity.
